now again soon see to two out of seven
now this is where the handlers must keep
their nerves under control because it
can be transmitted down the lead and the
dogs completely lose it at this stage
well two out of seven have already been
here before so they've got past
experience they were at Valerie checking
the board she knows they're there we
just wait for their choice at DFS trucks
2010 for yogi seven years of age 18 best
in shows now and it's the finally the
big vestige this is the wonder Scotty
from Moscow the Scottish terrier takes
the reserve what a wonderful competition
both deserved and they were the two for
me Jessica I think you'll like the same
two in the cardigan in close competition
they give magnificent performances I
think voters did a marvelous job there I
don't think I know one could go and say
that winner that is a sparkling door
absolutely wonderful Best in Show
there's the truth EFS crops 2010
fantastic
unbelievable
just concentrate on the dog's
performance and just hope
I think a few drinks maybe hot
well one of them is in Australia so
unfortunate but she's in the middle of
the night there but she's often watching
it online so she'll be having a drink as
well I would think
you